Javascript promise any (#1882)
nodejs/nodejs.dev: src/documentation/0034-javascript-promises/index.md

})
```

### `Promise.any()`

> `Promise.any()` settles when any of the promises you pass to it settles or all of the promises gets rejected. It returns a single promise that resolves with the value from that promise resolved. if all promises are rejected, then the returned promise is rejected with an `AggregateError`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Promise.any()` settles when any of the promises you pass to it fulfill or all of the promises get rejected. It returns a single promise that resolves with the value from the first promise that is fulfilled. If all promises are rejected, then the returned promise is rejected with an `AggregateError`.
```

Example:

```js
const first = new Promise((resolve, reject) => {

>   setTimeout(rejcet, 500, 'first')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  setTimeout(reject, 500, 'first')
```
